[IMP] l10n_my: add SST configuration (#16313)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/malaysia.rst

- :guilabel:`TTx`: Malaysian Tourism Tax Number, if applicable
- :guilabel:`Phone`

.. _malaysia/sst:

Sales and Service Tax (SST)
===========================

The **Sales and Service Tax (SST)** is a single-stage tax regime in Malaysia. Default taxes are
created automatically when the :guilabel:`Malaysia - Accounting` and
:guilabel:`Malaysia - Accounting Reports` modules are installed. These taxes are used to generate
the tax report.

.. _malaysia/sst/taxes:

Taxes
-----

> The following types of taxes are installed and linked to the relevant account:

Reviewer: I'd use a different word to avoid confusion with the "Tax Type" field.
```suggestion
The following categories of :doc:`taxes <../accounting/taxes>` are installed and linked to the 
relevant account:
```
